The Land of Technology and Oni - Leave your home.
The Land of Pierogi and Mines - Enter the Mineral Nation.
The Land of Astermite and Caves - Enter the Steam Nation.
The Land of Cold and Auroras - Enter the Ice Nation.
The Land of Flügel and Beer - Enter the Cloud Nation.
The Land of Warmth and Regime - Enter the Boiling Nation.
REINCARNATION! - Resurrect Telar.
The blood drinker herself - Take a vampire as an ally.
Messed up necromancy - Take a zombie as an ally.
Dear Doppelgänger - Take a shapeshifter as an ally.
Bandit trouble - Defeat Sasin on the desert.
Only for the worthy - Show your worth to the Mineral Mayor.
Crimpaganda - Defeat the Crimson General and her part of the Crimson Army.
Why? Why? Why? Why? - Beat the Boiling Queen.
Reunited once again - Beat Scarlet and finish the game.
Calamity won't go too far - Beat Scarlet with all the allies and get the good ending.
Is this the ungood ending? - Beat Scarlet without taking any allies whatsoever.
Oh fuck, we did it - Beat the Archmage and stop that swearing contest.
Comedy Cemetery - Beat the Ice Theatre and show them who is the real fool.
Scarlet Cheese - Cheese a superboss by bringing Scarlet into the battle.
XXL Scarlet Cheese - Absolutely cheese a superboss by bringing TWO Scarlet into the battle.
F - Get the bad ending, a.k.a. "Game Over".
Juvenile Calamity - Use the Difficulty Torch to start the Calamity mode.
Scarlet Calamity - Beat Scarlet in Calamity mode.
Calamitous Calamity - Beat Scarlet in Calamity mode while having all allies.
Beginning of a Dystopia - Use the Difficulty Flame to start the Dystopia mode.
End of a Dystopia - Beat Scarlet in Dystopia Mode.
Destruction of a Dystopia - Beat Scarlet in Dystopia mode while having all allies.
Are you ready for a bad time? - Use the Difficulty Flame to start the Bad End mode.
Merry Bad End! - You knew what you were signing up for, right? [Succumb to an insta-kill]
You were ready for a bad time. - Beat Scarlet on Bad End mode.
You were more than ready for a bad time. - Beat Scarlet on Bad End mode while having all allies.
Lucky! - Find the lucky clover.
Even Sparta had better weapons - Find the Green Onion.
Find the Rainbow - Find a Rainbow Star.
Buy the Rainbow - Get an item from the Rainbow Star shop.
Star master - Find all the Rainbow Stars and redeem the Star Trophy.
Hollow charms - Find all the Crystal Charms.
Wishing For A Good Loot - Use a Gacha for the first time.
Wishes Came True - Get a Special item from a Gacha.
A Five-Star Collection - Get all Special items from Gachas.
C100 - Get a total of 100 Rare items from Gachas.
The extreme challenge - Beat Calamitas on Bad End mode with at least one character having the Withering Curse and without using Nishi.
No Entry (Special) - I thought that I banned entry to that place? (Get to a place where you definitely shouldn't be.)
